Introduce KubernetesClient bean (#3165)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/kubernetes-client.adoc

    </dependency>
----

== Usage

Quarkus configures a Bean of type `KubernetesClient` which can be injected into application code using the well known CDI methods.

> This client be can be configured with any using properties like in the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This client can be configured with any using properties like in the following example:
```
for one. But I don't understand the `any using properties`. `using` doesn't sound correct?

Author: Yeah, it's bad. I'll fix it

> This client be can be configured using various properties as can be seen in the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This client can be configured using various properties as can be seen in the following example:
```
I thought I mentioned it the first time but maybe I didn't click on the button.

Author: I probably missed it

[source]
----
quarkus.kubernetes-client.trust-certs=false
quarkus.kubernetes-client.namespace=default
----

> Note that the full list of properties can be seen in the `KubernetesClientBuildConfig` class.

Reviewer: Maybe a link to the class on GitHub would be useful?

> Note that the full list of properties can be seen in the [KubernetesClientBuildConfig](https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus/blob/master/extensions/kubernetes-client/runtime/src/main/java/io/quarkus/kubernetes/client/runtime/KubernetesClientBuildConfig.java) class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the full list of properties is available in the [KubernetesClientBuildConfig](https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus/blob/master/extensions/kubernetes-client/runtime/src/main/java/io/quarkus/kubernetes/client/runtime/KubernetesClientBuildConfig.java) class.
```
(we have a lot of `can be` earlier)

=== Overriding

> The extension also allows application code to override either of the `io.fabric8.kubernetes.client.Config`, `io.fabric8.kubernetes.client.KubernetesClient` which are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The extension also allows application code to override either of `io.fabric8.kubernetes.client.Config` or `io.fabric8.kubernetes.client.KubernetesClient` which are
```
